All right, so now we're gonna move
into implementation evaluation,
really when I talk about implementation, I
am talking about tool design, and I really
should change the way I talked about that,
but this is a solution design, okay?
So these are the tools that we need for
implementation, okay?
So let's start with our project
prioritization scorecard.
So now is when we are digging into
tactics specifically, tactics are okay.
Now we have our activities framed by
our objectives as content strategist,
we need to identify what tools and
tactics we are going to undertake in
order to achieve these objectives, okay?
So now you can have all the tactics.
So here are see rewrite
about associate section.
So here are sort of the list of projects
that are, this is the list of projects
that we've been identified as content stir
that we have been assigned as content
strategists or that we have identified
as necessary to achieve our objectives.
So we know we need to rewrite
the About Us section we know
we need to develop a taxonomy for
thought leadership content.
We know we need to create a single
source for product details and
we need to develop an interactive
timeline of the company's history.
What did I say?
It's all over there.
Yep, yep.
>> That's clever.
>> Yeah so here we have,
where one is least
important, and three is most important.
We have kind of added up how valuable
these are to both the business and
the user.
This is a pretty straightforward
approach that you can use for
kind of any project or any task or
activity by simply boiling it down to
how is this gonna have an effect on our
business, whether it's our process or
output, and
how is this going to benefit our user.
And it is pretty stunning how you
can make a huge list of projects and
come up with a bunch of
tools This could also
be very useful when talking to management
about project prioritization, right?
Okay.
>> The new setup, it's just 1, 2, 3?
>> Yep.
>> Okay.
Yeah, if you've got a huge list of
projects, you might do 1 through 5,
to better differentiate,
>> When would because some of these even
in this example are a lot
bigger projects than others.
>> Sure.
>> And so obviously, if you're thinking
about resources, they're finite.
So when would that come in?
>> Yeah, that's an excellent question.
Part of working within strategy is
acknowledging and setting constraints.
And so if you're a content
strategy is to deliver content for
in market car shoppers to help
them make the best decision
about purchasing a car within the next 6
months and you have two people, right?
You may wanna revisit your strategy.
Where your strategy may come back
to create single source of truth
blog that we then spend money
to promote and relevant industry
type magazines for in market car
average shoppers for example.
Or you prioritize podcasts, right,
or you prioritize like there's
a shift in either strategy or
tactics acknowledging constraints.
But that has to come for,
you could add that to this chart too.
You could add resource constraints,
like is it realistic, rewrite about
us section maybe has a low business
impact and the low user benefit but
we have somebody that could take care of
that in an afternoon, low hanging fruit.
Let's just get that off of
this list all together, right?
Does that make sense?
Yeah.